Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
MAN: You guys
are going to love it.
I mean. it's just
such a great car.
It's got great cup-holders.
I remember our cars didn't have
cup-holders growing up.
You guys like cups. right?
You have a bunch of them.
I mean. by the way.
you all have a teenager. right?
-[CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY]
-My name is Nate Wilcox.
and I'm the best car salesman
this side of the Mississippi.
[THUMPING]
This right here.
safest car on the road.
-[ENGINE ROARING]
-This right here.
the loudest car on the road!
A lot of people think
selling cars
is just a bunch of big fake
smiles and handshakes.
But not for me! It's all about
understanding
my customer's needs.
And I mean. like. helping them
actually solve problems.
You're going to college. right?
Look. everybody's going to be
driving trucks and flashy cars.
You want to stand out.
You want to be rememberable.
This is how you do it.
right here.
-A minivan?
-Of course a minivan!
Dude. I drove one of these
in high school
and everybody loved it.
I was Homecoming King.
-You were?
-Yeah.
I mean. you know. it was a small
school and mostly girls.
but the point is they still talk
about that van to this day.
It's even got
a cooler inside. dude.
Yep. that's how I sell cars.
And it's worked out pretty well
for me so far.
I'll tell you. I am living
the American dream.
I live
in a beautiful neighborhood.
I own a beautiful home.
I have three great daughters
and an incredible wife.
What can I say? Life is good.
I'm the breadwinner.
and Katie's a stay-at-home mom.
I know that may sound
a little old-fashioned.
but for us.
it's all about having
a good work-life balance.
I handle work.
Katie handles life.
Come on. please!
-Can you just...
-Stop! No.
No. You're so impatient.
You can use it when I'm done.
-Conceited. C-O-N-C-E-I-T...
-Oh. my God. Mom.
Hadley's spelling at me again!
Is she spelling correctly?
-I don't know.
-Yes. I am.
NATE: And she's great
at details.
Our whole world is run from
this color-coded system
she made.
I don't always know
what the colors mean.
but I'm not the one. you know.
who picks up the kids.
so I kind of don't have to.
I guess.
"Buy Sam a horse"?
It's on the calendar.
-[CHUCKLES]
-Yeah. nice try.
I can't hear you.
-What'd you say?
-[KATIE CHUCKLES]
NATE: But it's not like Katie
does everything by herself.
I help.
One of my jobs
is taking out the trash...
[SNORING]
...and I never.
ever forget that.
Wait. it's trash day!
[FRANTIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Wait!
-[THUDDING]
-Hold on!
Wait! Wait!
Hold on. Hold on!
-[NATE GROANS]
-[TRASH COLLECTORS LAUGHING]
NATE: Okay. sometimes I do
-forget to take out the trash.
- [GROANS]
But. look.
if I did everything right.
this would be
a pretty boring movie.
[PANTING]
Did you not see me?
No. we saw the whole thing.
Well. then. why didn't you stop?
TRASH COLLECTOR 2:
This is recycling.
Trash came an hour ago.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[SIGHS]
[MUSIC PLAYING OVER CELL PHONE]
[SIGHS] His dance moves
are so cute.
And look at those dimples.
HADLEY: Mom.
Gracie's obsessing over a boy.
Yeah. you know what.
you might want to put that away
before your dad gets back.
Mom. I'm 13.
-I'm allowed to like boys.
-KATIE: Oh. I know that.
But sometimes it takes dads
-a little longer to...
-[DOOR OPENS]
-...you know. accept it.
-[DOOR CLOSES]
-All right. trash is done.
-KATIE: How was that?
-Why? What'd you hear?
-[KATIE SNIFFS]
Wait. what's in your hoodie?
[CRINKLING]
What?
Oh. my...
It must have fell from the tree!
GRACIE: [CHUCKLES] Ew.
Dad. how much does a horse cost?
[SIGHING] Probably too much.
And. I mean. we're not
a horse affording family.
Thank you. Nate. Remember.
Sam. we said no horses.
Why not?
NATE: Because the horse
we could afford
would have major problems.
What if you got kicked
in the head?
You ain't coming back from that.
Abraham Lincoln got kicked
in the head by a horse.
There's no way that's true.
Yeah. when he was 10.
He almost died. too.
That's the greatest comeback
story I've ever heard.
That guy's the GOAT!
Ooh. can we get one of those?
A goat?
A goat has rectangle eyes.
You don't want to look at that.
We're like
a hamster affording family.
Guinea pig on a good year.
Goldfish though. we're rolling
in goldfish money.
What is this?
Is this your star thing?
Yeah. So I call it
the Star Minder.
The... the points of the star
are little reminder tabs
to help the girls get ready
in the morning.
Oh. my goodness. this looks
like something you bought.
-That's what I said.
-Right?
That's... I mean.
it's. like. crazy professional.
Thank you.
You all are lucky to have
-such a talented mom.
-[KATIE SIGHS]
Well. I like to think so.
KATIE AND NATE: Mm.
GIRLS: Ooh!
-Oh. yeah?
-[KATIE LAUGHS]
Maybe everybody
should get a kiss!
No! No! Stop!
Give it to me! Give it to me!
Oh. the kiss monster wants one!
Ew. what happened out there?
[GARBAGE CLATTERING
AND RUSTLING]
-Raccoons.
-Hm.
Oh! Babe. remember. we have
dinner at the Ashfords' tonight.
Avery's parents.
Conor and Angela.
Conor and I
are room parents together.
He's the dad
who's so excited to meet you.
He's always asking about you.
Oh. that guy?
It's going to be fun.
It's happening.
Well. you know I love
a good hang with a stranger.
SAM: Bye. Dad. Love you.
HADLEY: Bye. Dad. Love you.
KATIE: Have a great day at work.
-Love you.
-NATE: Love you all.
Bye.
-[AIR HORN TOOTING]
-[GASPS]
Put three on the board!
Dude. I don't know what it is.
but I am killing it
out there today.
My guy.
that's what I'm talking about.
Here's your coffee.
-Just how you like it.
-Mm.
One cream. 14 sugars.
Hey. how many times have you won
Salesman of the Year now? Six?
I don't do it
for the title. man.
I do it... [SIGHS]
for those Titan tickets.
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
-I do it for my family.
because there's nothing
they love more
than looking up
at that jumbotron
and seeing a stadium full of
Titans fans cheering my name.
That's the best day
of their year.
seeing me up on that 'tron.
[SARCASTICALLY] Yeah. you're
a true family man. Wilcox.
-Thanks.
-[PEYTON LAUGHING]
No. she didn't. That's amazing.
Well. you've made a great choice
with this car.
It's going to last you 20 years.
You won't need another new car
until you're 50.
CUSTOMER: Oh. stop.
-PEYTON: I'm just being serious.
-Ugh.
PEYTON: Here. Dennis here will
take you to my office. okay?
Miss me.
Peyton. put some pants on. okay?
I can't have corporate
seeing you like this.
-Is that a ladies' shirt?
-PEYTON: Yes. it is.
I'm just sick
of losing to Nate every year.
so I've changed up my strategy.
I'm going to target
the ladies...
-Oh.
-...and then pecs
bring in the checks.
-Uh...
-PEYTON: You see that?
-No.
-Not... No. not that.
You see Toyota dance?
You see Peyton dance?
How long you been
practicing this?
45 to 50 minutes this morning.
Those Titans tickets are yours.
PEYTON: Once you go Pakistan.
you never go back-istan.
-[SLURPS]
-[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Contractor was a nightmare.
How long did
the renovation take?
-Six years.
-Six years. Wow.
Just the boys grilling.
Yeah. it's nice.
-Oh.
-[GRUNTS. CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
-Five-second rule.
-[SIZZLING]
I... I can eat that one.
Okay.
Hey. what are these
frisbees about?
-Disc golf! You play?
-Oh. wow.
-No. no. I don't.
-Oh.
I try to work on my game
whenever I can.
-Yeah.
-[GRUNTS]
Um. you have
to get into a groove.
[GRUNTS]
-Wow. Wow.
-Yeah.
What are you trying to hit?
Look at him over there trying
to impress your husband.
He just set that thing up today.
-Aw. That's kind of sweet.
-[CLANGS]
BOTH: Oh.
CONOR: Sorry.
It's becoming a hazard
at this point.
-KATIE: Oh. Wow.
-[CLATTERING]
-Conor!
-[CONOR GRUNTS]
-[FRISBEE THUDS]
-AVERY: Ow!
-Oh.
-Oh. my gosh.
CONOR: I... I'm sorry. Avery.
NATE: Oh. man.
You hit the target on that one.
Okay. Conor.
I think we've had enough.
Will you flip
these burgers for me?
Uh... Yeah. Wow.
I thought
these were hash browns.
[SQUELCHING. SIZZLING]
So. Angela. how's work?
Oh. really good.
Yeah. Sales are up.
We finally beat
that ridiculous lawsuit.
-[RETCHING]
-The judge told the plaintiff.
"Hey. if you can't
take the heat.
"get out of the kitchen."
CONOR: Jackpot.
KATIE: Great. Congratulations.
-[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
-Oh. shoot!
I forgot I was supposed
to pick up
napkins for the bake sale.
KATIE: Oh. Conor. no worries.
We'll just...
We'll pick some up
on the way home.
CONOR: You sure?
-KATIE: Mm-hm.
-I'll get Keith to do it.
Who's Keith?
My assistant. yeah. He takes
care of everything for me.
Travel and expenses.
my schedule.
every single thing of importance
in my life is handled by Keith.
I don't know
who I'd be without him.
Last year. totally forgot
about Father's Day.
But it didn't even matter.
Keith had already sent Conor
the most beautiful bouquet
of peonies.
It was great
to get those from Keith.
-Hm.
-That's nice.
Kate's got an assistant. too.
Yeah.
What? I do?
Yeah. you do. The star thingy
for the kids' backpack.
-Oh. No. no. no.
-Star thingy?
Yeah. yeah. Go. tell her.
-It's awesome.
-[SIGHS SOFTLY]
No. it's just... it's a little
thing I made for the girls
to help them get ready
for school. It's nothing.
Don't be so modest. okay?
What has Conor here invented?
Absolutely nothing.
And he never will.
-[LAUGHS]
-[LAUGHING] Not yet!
Wife poison!
No. I... I wouldn't.
KATIE: So what
did you think of Conor?
NATE: I don't know.
I have way more in common
with that Angela dude
he's married to.
[KATIE CHUCKLES]
-Speaking of Angela...
-Mm-hm.
You know. she thinks that
I might really have something
with the Star Minder.
Like. moms would
actually buy it.
Of course they would.
It's a great invention.
-Yeah?
-It's like the chip clip.
I mean. we were just using
rubber bands like barbarians.
[CHUCKLES]
And then the chip clip inventor
came along.
I'm married
to the chip clip inventor.
So you don't mind
if I pursue it?
Because her company sponsors
that craft fair
in Centennial Park.
and she thinks
she can give me a booth.
Yes. of course.
-Really?
-Are you kidding me?
If doing this makes you happy.
go for it.
You have to go for it.
[SIGHS]
-[EXCLAIMS GRACIOUSLY] Okay.
-Hm.
[KISSES]
[INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING]
KATIE: That's why I invented
the Star Minder.
The points of the star
are customizable reminder tabs
for all the tasks
that you want your kids to do
before they get out of the house
in the morning.
And. yes.
there should be some samples
-on the table in front of you.
-DAYMOND: Hm.
-So. what's the deal here?
-Wow.
You put little labels
on these things?
KATIE: Yes.
the parent and child
can decide
what the specific tasks are.
and you do them together.
I can't believe Mom's on TV.
Sam. Sam!
That food's for the sharks.
Oh. the food's for everyone.
Oh. Well. in that case.
-make me a plate.
-HADLEY: Shh!
-The sharks are talking to Mom.
-Okay. I'm sorry.
LORI: Have you sold
any of these?
Um. since launching about six
months ago in our living room.
we've sold about 2.000 units.
Just 2.000 in six months?
Well. 2.000 considering that
I'm a stay-at-home mom.
-I have three kids in between...
-So. you're a full-time mother?
I am. My husband. Nate. and I
have three beautiful daughters.
KEVIN: What are you going to do
in terms of running a company?
I mean. you can't have kids
and take care of them.
and be the CEO.
Kevin. maybe she has a nanny.
-Women do this all the time.
-ROBERT: That's true.
-Well. do you have a nanny?
-We don't have a nanny.
What about your husband?
-Yeah. What about him?
-KATIE: Nate?
-DAYMOND: Yeah. Yeah.
-[CHUCKLES] Um...
I mean. I haven't asked him.
-but. sure.
-Wait a second.
-Wait a second. Is he here?
-KATIE: Yes.
Well. bring him out here.
Bring him out.
LORI: Are you serious?
KEVIN: Yeah. Yes.
DAYMOND: Is he here?
KATIE: He's in the back
with our kids. I don't...
KEVIN: Well. if you want
the deal and you want
-to run the company...
-Copy.
-KATIE: I do. I do.
-And we are moving...
-We are moving? Where...
-Yeah. we're moving out.
-Dad? Where are you going?
-But... But...
-GRACIE: Oh. my God.
KEVIN: Bring him out.
Bring him out.
KATIE: Is this okay?
KEVIN: We need to see him.
KATIE: Really?
DAYMOND: Yeah.
There he goes. Come on.
[INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING]
-Here he comes.
-KATIE: Here he comes.
LORI: [LAUGHS]
He's just looking around.
-KATIE: I think he's...
-Is he blind?
KATIE: They wanted
to talk to you.
KEVIN: Okay.
Wait a second. Wait a second.
-I'm out.
-What? Why?
This guy's holding a donut!
He's a bozo!
They didn't have a...
There's no garbage can
out there.
You can finish it.
ROBERT: Oh.
-Oh.
-[MUFFLED] Now. it's gone.
-NATE: It's gone.
LORI: Uh... Okay.
KEVIN: What. are you kidding?
-[MUFFLED SPEAKING]
-I'm... I'm out. I'm sorry.
-DAYMOND: Oh. wow.
-[MUMBLING]
-I'm out.
[COUGHS] Hey... Hey. man.
[NATE MUMBLING]
DAYMOND: We don't need
to see that.
-I'm sorry. Babe. I'm so sorry.
-It's okay.
Nate. um.
once you've swallowed that...
[COUGHING]
...tell us about you.
What do you do?
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
I'm a Toyota salesman.
-Oh. good. Okay.
-Wow.
Top salesman. uh...
at my dealership.
-Really?
-NATE: Yeah. Yeah.
I find that hard to believe.
LORI: Um.
forget about all of them.
Katie. I really think you might
have something here.
So. I'm going to offer you
the $100.000
-for 20% of your company...
-[GASPS]
-DANIEL: Are you kidding me?
-Oh. my God!
LORI: I am not kidding.
KEVIN: Lori.
LORI: I believe in her.
But it's contingent
on one thing. Nate.
Contingent on you taking
some time off from work.
so that you can take care
of the kids.
and Katie can take care
of the business.
Yeah. of course.
I could do that.
Really?
Yeah. Why do you
sound surprised?
Because she's looking
in your big. dumb eyes.
thinking what a disaster
that would be.
Are you kidding? You've never
raised kids on your own.
I thought...
Are you allowed to talk
if you're already out?
Can you just give us one minute
to talk about this?
-Sorry.
-What does she have to discuss?
Talk amongst yourselves.
-What do you think we should do?
-[SOFTLY] You do it.
-You just do it.
-[SOFTLY] Really?
Yeah. this is crazy.
What about you? What about work?
-What about this top salesman?
-It's fine.
It means so much to you.
I'm so far ahead.
I can leave for a year.
Maybe you could call your mom
to come help?
Katie. I'm not calling my mom.
I mean. how hard can it be?
I can do it.
I could do 80% of what you do.
and that's a lot.
80%? Well. you clearly have
no idea how much work I do.
75%.
This is not the time to do this.
But I could do 75%...
Babe. do you even know
what laundry detergent we use?
It doesn't matter.
I bet we already have it.
Do you know how to access
the parent portal for school?
Is that a wizard thing?
-Portals aren't real. Katie.
-[SIGHS]
What could he be taking
so long to discuss?
Just two seconds.
-Yeah.
-Listen.
this isn't forever. all right?
This is just to get the business
off the ground.
You got to trust me.
I can do this.
Do we have a deal?
-Um. Lori.
-LORI: Yes.
I will take it.
-No!
-[CHEERING]
DANIEL: All right. I guess.
JUDGE: Congratulations!
I am so excited!
LORI: I think
it's going to be great.
KATIE: Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-LORI: You're so welcome.
KATIE: Oh. my God!
-Thank you. Thank you.
-It'll be great.
-And you? Congratulations. too.
-Yes. Appreciate it.
And I wish you good luck.
Okay. Well.
it's not surgery. so...
-LORI: Okay. [LAUGHS]
-But I appreciate it.
-Yeah. Thank you.
-LORI: All right. good. Yay!
DANIEL: Guys. good luck!
ROBERT: Please.
you're going to need it.
[LAUGHING] Oh. my God.
[EXCLAIMS GRACIOUSLY]
NATE: Why are you so nervous?
This is exciting.
KATIE: I am excited.
South Korea is just so far away.
and I haven't been apart from
the kids for more than a day.
It's two weeks.
You act like
I'm going to blow the house up.
I know. I know.
There's a lot worse things
that can happen than that.
And I'm sure
I'll find all of them.
[CHUCKLES]
Oh. babe. actually. could you
get breakfast started for me
and I'll go wake up the girls?
Oh. how many kids
do we have again? I forget.
There's a small one
I saw the other day.
-When did she come around?
-[AMUSING MUSIC PLAYING]
All right. I got this.
Breakfast.
Easiest meal of the day.
-[GROANING]
-[CLATTERING]
I guess that's where
the spaghetti goes.
[GRUNTS] Easy-peasy.
Yep. Oh.
[SIGHS]
Come on. Get through.
Oh. whatever.
Extra calcium.
Toast.
-[THUMPING]
-Broken!
Oh.
Perfect.
Bye-bye.
Just like the pilgrims did it.
Don't wear the same thing as me.
HADLEY: But I was
wearing it first!
-You always copy what I wear!
-No. I don't!
Just say you want to be me
at this point.
I don't.
Breakfast is served.
[GIRLS SIGH]
Yeah. I don't eat
scrambled eggs.
What? I thought
you liked scrambled eggs.
That was. like.
a month ago. Dad.
Now I hate them.
-I like scrambled eggs.
-No. you don't.
Shh. I'm lying.
NATE: All right.
what do you like. then?
Literally anything but that.
-Sour Patch Kids.
-Salads.
-Tacos?
-SAM: Airhead Xtremes.
-Sushi.
-Yes! Sushi!
Really. any kind
of candy is good.
GRACIE: Sure. Sam.
HADLEY: Yep.
Dad. are you Mom now?
Yes. I am your mother.
[GASPS] Could we do your makeup?
-Yeah!
-We'll see.
HADLEY: Are you sure
you're ready for this?
-I mean. we're kind of a lot.
-BOTH: Yeah.
One. I don't like
that you know that.
And two. I'm your dad.
I'm not a stranger. It just...
It's going to take a little time
to get used
to the morning routine.
Well. my morning routine's
pretty easy.
-I usually just have coffee.
-No. she doesn't.
-So. yeah.
-I get candy.
GRACIE: God.
don't tell him what I do.
SAM: Always.
GRACIE: You're so annoying.
SAM: Candy. candy. candy.
Sorry. babe. Sam and Gracie
aren't eating eggs right now.
Oh. yeah. we just talked
about it. Toaster's broken.
-What?
-Crazy. I know.
That's going to be something
I use a lot.
KATIE: Broken or unplugged?
I'm not a mechanic. but I know
when something's broke.
[GIRLS ARGUING INDISTINCTLY]
How about cereal?
BOTH: Yes!
KATIE: No. no.
How about
some oatmeal with fruit?
-All right...
-GRACIE: Come on.
-HADLEY: No.
-...I bet
that's around here somewhere.
GRACIE: Fine.
KATIE: Yeah.
[SIGHS] Okay. babe.
Let's go over this once more.
Sam gets picked up at 2:45.
Hadley and Gracie are at 3:15.
Unless it's Wednesday
and then the schedule's
reversed. or Friday
where they all get out
at the same time.
That means you just have
to hustle to get...
-[CLATTERING]
-NATE: Oh. man.
-Oh...
-[NATE CHUCKLES]
This might make you nervous...
but it's all going to be fine.
Okay. here. It's all here.
You just have to trust
the command center
and you'll be great.
I'll be honest. This command
center has always scared me.
But I'm going to figure it out.
You'll figure it out.
-[KATIE SIGHS]
-Going to make a few
of my own adjustments.
"Sleepover"?
No. thank you.
KATIE: I am going to be
13 hours ahead.
so that means
that I'm going to be asleep
in the middle of your day here.
Uh... Wash.
We have to wash the towels first
-before the clothes separately.
-Yes.
What else? Oh.
you're going to want to check
Hadley's model volcano here.
because I think
we might have over-filled it.
And you're definitely
going to want to soak
that oatmeal bowl in the sink.
Okay. Like right now?
No. no. no.
Now you add water to cook it.
But then you soak it
in the sink.
All right.
Girls! My babies!
Oh. I'm going
to miss you so much.
Oh!
Mm.
Can Dad go
to South Korea instead?
KATIE: [CHUCKLES] No.
Can he go somewhere else?
-Hey. I'm right here.
-KATIE: I am going to be back
before you know it. I promise.
Come here.
-We're all going to die.
-[CHUCKLES]
-[CLANGS. RINGS]
-Hey! I fixed the toaster.
-Bye.
-KATIE: Bye.
-Have fun.
-KATIE: I love you guys.
Don't worry about a thing.
When you get back.
the house will be
exactly like you left it.
[DOORKNOB RATTLING]
Dad. the front door's locked.
Do you have keys?
Nope. Just keep waving.
We'll put Sam
through a window in the back.
Yes!
[UPBEAT SONG PLAYING]
NATE: All right.
Who's getting dropped off first?
Uh. Dad. you're. like. not even
driving in the right direction.
To your school?
To any of our schools.
Wait. Do you not know
where our schools are?
[STUTTERS] No. I know
where your schools are at.
I know where they're at.
but just to be safe.
I'm gonna put on my GPS.
So everybody. say your name
of your school out loud. Go now!
Ooh. can we do
laser tag instead?
No! Just give me the name
of your school
or I'm going to call Mom
at the airport.
HADLEY: So you're
going to call Mom
and admit you don't know
the locations or names
of any of our schools?
Yeah. I will. I mean. I...
I don't care
how bad it makes me look.
-B-L-U-F-F-I-N-G.
-NATE: No.
No. Look. I'm going
to count to three.
Someone tell me the name
of your school.
One.
-two...
-I dialed for you.
-[LINE RINGING]
-What? No!
-No. Sam. give me the phone.
-[LAUGHS] It's actually ringing!
-Ringing!
-NATE: Sam. hang up the phone.
-I was just...
-You were just what. Dad?
No! No! I was just...
-Just say it! Admit it!
-Dad. Just admit it.
NATE: No. no. I was just...
Laser tag! Laser tag! Laser tag!
-Dad. look out.
-I'm watching.
-Just give it back real fast.
-I don't have it.
-Sam!
-Say it! You were...
Okay! All right. fine.
I was just bluffing!
-Ha! I knew it!
-NATE: Now will you please
-hang the phone up!
-Dad! Look out!
-[GRUNTING]
-[BRAKES SCREECH]
-[GIRLS SCREAMING]
-[SPLUTTERING]
[LINE RINGING]
KATIE: Hi. guys. What's up?
You miss me already?
-[NATE SHUDDERS]
-[GIRLS SIGHING]
What are you doing back here?
Just reminding myself
I'm still good at something.
Hey. I noticed
my picture's gone.
Well. it's an employee photo.
and you are no longer
an employee.
Dan. I didn't quit.
I'm on leave.
I've heard that before.
I think you need
to just figure out
where your priorities are.
I did. They're with my children.
Great. okay. well. it hurts
to hear you say that out loud.
Come on. man. If you had kids.
you would understand.
I do have kids.
-What?
-I have five kids.
But you never hear me talk
about them at work.
Where did you get kids?
Is this guy bothering you?
What happened to your shirt?
Did a volcano explode on it?
Yes. that's exactly
what happened to this shirt.
You'd be in the hospital.
Volcanoes are very hot.
Why... What is this?
Peyton's my number one guy now.
Nate. That's what this is.
Uh-huh. Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
You can't leave
with company property.
This was a gift from Dan.
Sorry. buddy.
Not personal. it's a policy.
-Dude.
-What? I don't make the rules.
You're the floor manager.
That's literally your job.
This is mine now.
-[COFFEE HISSING]
-[GROANS SOFTLY]
[CHUCKLES]
Is it too hot for you?
PEYTON: No.
It's just right.
-[COFFEE HISSING]
-[MUFFLED GROANING]
-Oh.
-[PEYTON GROANING]
-Hey. oh. Peyton. don't do this.
-[MUFFLED GROANING]
NATE: This is your guy?
That's my number one guy.
[PEYTON GROANING]
[INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
OVER PA]
Uh... Excuse me.
are you the egg guy?
No. But I do dabble in the egg
section from time to time.
Oh. great. Uh. do you mind
if I ask you some questions?
-Sure.
-Uh. there's a lot of eggs here.
and I need to buy
some eggs for my family.
so which ones would I choose?
Well. what type of egg
are you looking for?
NATE: Normal ones.
Ones that my kids will eat.
Those are pastured eggs.
-Pastured.
-And they contain
twice as many omega-3s.
Oh. wow. That's a lot of...
That's more omega
than I thought.
Uh. I see these say free-range.
and then the ones below it
say cage-free.
So what's the difference
between that?
Well. those are free-range
and those are cage-free.
Hm. Interesting.
Let's say I don't know
how to make eggs.
Are there eggs
that are already made?
Well. there are places
called restaurants.
NATE: Hm.
All right. Pat.
Getting a little...
I don't care for your tone here.
I know I've been grilling you
pretty hard on the eggs.
and I'm not
wearing you out. am I?
Because I'm going to need you
over there in the milk section.
I mean. I can't wait to find out
what Lace-taid means.
Um... [CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
Hey. Mom.
just giving you a... a call.
Wanted to. uh...
You know. I thought.
I don't know.
maybe you'd want to come stay.
The girls wanted me to call you.
They... they miss you.
And so. they were like.
"Oh. yeah.
"maybe she can come
spend the night."
You know.
one or two nights. Uh...
Twelve. thirteen tops.
Thirteen tops.
And. you know.
just stay in Sam's room.
or Hadley's. or my room.
I don't...
-[SQUEAKS]
-[YELPS. GROANS]
Ow. [GROANING] Golly. dude!
Who put a towel there?
Oh. God!
Oh. what...
[HAMMER THUMPING]
Uh... Hello?
Hello. sir. Am I speaking
to the man of the house?
No. she's not home.
But what's going on up there?
Uh. Keegan Jones.
Keegan Roofing and Tile.
Your wife had called
to check my availability
to replace your roof.
and I thought. you know.
why call back
and tell her I'm available
when I can show her
I'm available
by already being on the roof?
All right.
And Katie okayed all this?
[STAMMERS] I mean. feel free
to check my Yelp yourself.
I got five stars
and only one negative review
and that is from my ex-wife.
You know. she said my tools
don't get the job done.
Okay. Uh. yeah. man.
It's great. Uh...
Yeah. you're hired. I guess.
What? Really?
You know what? Maybe
I should just call her real...
[SIGHS]
It's school pickup already!
Shoot!
Hey. I'm going
to make you proud.
Yeah. hey. good job.
I'll see you tomorrow. okay?
Good job.
Great job today. you guys.
We're gonna wait
for our parents to come.
-Good job today!
-Hi. Hi. Hey.
Oh. hi!
Hey. what's up?
I'm here for Sam.
Oh. Mr. Wilcox.
I'm so used to seeing Katie.
Well. get used to me
because she's no longer
with us. you know?
[GASPS SOFTLY]
Ah. 'cause she's in South Korea!
Working. Yeah. Shark Tank.
She's alive.
Yeah. Sorry about that.
Do you have a minute to talk?
Am I... Am I in trouble?
Sam's been hugging
her classmates
every time she sees them.
-Okay.
-All day.
Okay. I'll talk to her and. uh.
yeah. just tell her to stop.
-So. thank you.
-No. Actually.
at her age. telling her to stop
may reinforce the behavior.
We need to make sure
we're communicating
with the right words.
Right... right words.
You might want to take notes.
Notes.
MS. VIOLET: So I'd like to
introduce you to a concept
called "the bubble of consent."
Now. imagine
each kiddo lives inside
their own individual bubble.
They can touch
what's in their own bubble
without having to ask.
but they need permission.
-yeah... [CHUCKLES]
-Okay.
...to enter another
kiddo's bubble.
Uh. say that part one more time.
Which part?
-Uh. the beginning of it.
-The beginning?
Yeah. the beginning
and the rest of it. too.
Okay.
[SCHOOL BELL RINGING]
What's wrong?
Everything okay?
Avery and Trisha both knew
how to spell "Chihuahua"
and I didn't.
Well. now you do. so...
HADLEY: But. like. what if
I don't know other words?
I need to study more.
All right. Where's your sister?
Probably trying to get Brian
to notice her.
"Brian"?
Who's Brian?
[INTRIGUING ELECTRONIC
MUSIC PLAYING]
-[HIGH-PITCHED] Gracie!
-[CAR HORN HONKS]
-[IN NORMAL VOICE] Hi.
-[CHUCKLES]
It's your dad!
It's your family in a van!
We live in the same house!
I... I couldn't remember
if you remembered.
GRACIE: My God! Dad!
Was that really necessary?
It was. I didn't know
how else... how to...
Who's Brian?
A boy she likes.
He's the reason
she started shaving her legs.
-Hadley!
-Oh. my God.
What? You're in there
shaving them every night.
Every night?
Your mom does it twice a year.
Dad. I'm hungry.
Can we get dinner?
You all got to eat again?
I thought we were done.
Maybe Brian should come over
for dinner.
-You know what. Sam? That's a...
-No!
-[HIGH-PITCHED] Brian!
-No! No!
-Stop!
-Brian! Brian!
DELIVERY GUY: Hey. pizza's here.
Hey. man.
Uh... Boom. There you go.
Oh. you already
tipped on the app. so...
Yeah. We're going to be seeing
a lot of each other
these next couple weeks.
This is the nicest thing
anyone's ever done for me.
[CHUCKLING] Hey.
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
Night-night.
All right. Sam.
it's time for bed.
I'm almost done
with second hugs.
[SIGHING IN EXHAUSTION]
Second hugs.
Uh... You know what?
Hey. let's talk
about something real fast.
Am I skipping a grade?
No. Not by the looks of it.
We might even do a couple twice.
Am I getting a horse?
That's where you thought
this was going?
Uh... Oh.
How do I say it? Um...
Don't hug kids at school.
But I love my classmates.
I know you do.
And that's great. Just show them
in a different way.
Okay.
Wow.
All right. You know what?
[SOFTLY] You're my favorite.
-I know.
-Good night.
Good night.
[KISSES]
Hadley. Screens off.
What? No. but... but I'm...
I'm just using the light
to study
my spelling flashcards.
Of course you are.
Night.
Look at you fighting
for the number one spot. huh?
GRACIE: A party with boys? Yeah.
my dad would never let me
have one. Are you kidding?
Gracie. Hey. Phones off. please.
[DOOR SLAMS]
I guess
I know my third favorite.
-[AMUSING MUSIC PLAYING]
-Thirteen more days.
"Night chores"?
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[SQUEAKING]
[WHIRRING]
What?
I should've soaked it.
God.
-[WATER SPLASHING]
-[YELPS]
1:30 in the morning. Golly.
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[RUMBLING]
NATE: Are we running a car wash
I don't know about?
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Hey!
KATIE: Hi. babe.
How's it going?
Great. Yeah. I hired a roofer.
[GASPS] Oh! Nice. Which one?
-Which what?
-Which roofer?
I called
all the top-rated places
so I could make them bid
against each other.
[CHUCKLES] Then I also called
my friend's cousin. Keegan.
'cause his bid was so low.
I thought I could use it
against the others.
So who did you go with?
-[THUDDING]
-[YELPING NEARBY]
[GROANING]
Uh... Yeah. I mean. I don't
remember his name. you know.
But he was a good one.
Hey. roof's looking
pretty good. man.
KATIE: Thank you so much for
handling that for me. babe. Oh!
You must be on your way
to go get the girls. huh?
Yep. as we speak.
I'm going right now!
KATIE: And could you
please drop off
those forks I left
in the back of the car?
Thank you. I love you.
NATE: Love you.
Pistachios?
What the...
-Dad!
-[YELPS. SIGHS]
-What are you doing?
-I was sleeping.
or trying to.
Why doesn't this couch fold out?
Because not all couches
fold out.
I meant. what are you
doing here? I called Mom.
Yeah. she's on a cruise.
Anyway. I'm here to help.
[GROANS]
-Are you?
-Yeah.
Yeah. As soon as I finish
my siesta. [SIGHS]
Oh. man.
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
Uh. excuse me. Do you all know
where to put these forks at?
Uh. Nate Wilcox. Katie said
we'd be seeing more of you.
How you doing. sugar?
Hanging in there. you know?
Katie has me doing
a lot of chores.
It's basically Chore City
at our house.
[WOMEN CHUCKLING]
And all the cleaning sprays.
Under our sink.
it looks like a Baskin-Robbins.
[WOMEN LAUGHING]
Baskin-Robbins.
[CHUCKLES]
Uh... I mean. I used one
the other day.
It said "all-purpose."
And it didn't clean anything up.
Should've said "no purpose."
you know?
-[ALL LAUGHING]
-NATE: No purpose.
-[LAUGHING] Oh. God.
-[LAUGHING]
-What are we all laughing at?
-KELSEY: Conor.
looks like you're not the only
dad on campus anymore.
And this one's funny.
[ALL CHUCKLING]
Oh. Nate?
-Big time funny.
-Oh. wow.
Say it. don't spray it.
you know?
[WOMEN LAUGHING]
"Say it. don't spray it."
Dad?
Thought you were going to wait
in the car.
Didn't you go to school
in a sweater?
GRACIE: What?
-No.
-NATE: Okay.
Well. I was going to wear
the same thing.
That would've been embarrassing.
[WOMEN LAUGHING]
NATE: What an absolute joy.
I'm sure
I'll be seeing you around.
-All right. Pleasure.
-KELSEY: Nice to meet you. Nate.
Thank you.
MELISSA: That is the first
funny dad.
KELSEY: No bad dad jokes.
CONOR: Hey. Nate.
[SPEAKING SPANISH. CHUCKLING]
[IN ENGLISH] What was that?
Katie told me to drop forks off.
Not the... Not the forks.
Talking to the moms.
If you need to bring the moms
something. bring it to me.
Okay? Bring it to me.
-I bring it to them. See?
-Okay.
You know.
and if you wanna hang out.
don't hang out with the moms.
Hang out with this guy!
'Cause I've been texting you.
You been getting those?
No. I haven't.
You haven't gotten
a single one of my texts?
-No.
-God. a lot of them say "read."
-You can see that?
-Yeah. like.
the whole color changes.
I don't think
I've gotten any of them.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Can I see?
Uh. I would. but it's way
in there. and so...
Just let me know. Even tonight.
we could grab a drink. Bowl.
-Bowl?
-We'll do a bowl.
-What?
-In the meantime.
stay away from here.
Okay?
[IN SPANISH]
My moms are not your moms.
[SIGHS]
[UPBEAT ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
-[WHIRRING]
-[CHUCKLING]
[CRACKLING]
[BLOWS AIR]
[COUGHING]
[INAUDIBLE CONVERSATION]
[KISSING]
[SONG CONTINUES PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]
What?
[LOW RUMBLING]
Help! Help!
Help!
[MUFFLED SCREAMING] Help!
[GIRLS CHUCKLING]
KATIE: [OVER PHONE]
Yeah. So. basically.
all of these people behind me
are here to help me
with the Star Minder.
-We're kind of...
-Dad! Mom's in a factory!
-Oh. what?
-Yeah.
We're stress-testing
different plastics
for the body of the star.
[SPEAKING KOREAN]
[IN ENGLISH] You speak
South Korean?
-It's just Korean. Dad.
-Well. not to them.
-[CRACKLING]
-[GROANS SOFTLY]
Dang. the team was really
excited about that one.
[SPEAKING KOREAN]
[IN ENGLISH] Dad.
what's for breakfast?
NATE: Uh...
-[TAPS]
-Pizza.
-For breakfast?
-Just put milk on it.
Uh. hey. Nate.
could I talk to you privately?
Yeah. I was joking. Is that...
I... I thought I muted that.
You tapped Mom's hard hat. Dad.
[SOFTLY] Oh. my God.
Hey. I just want to say
I totally respect
-your healthy breakfast thing...
-KATIE: No. I know.
-...but. you know...
-No. no. no. no. It's fine.
I wanted to check
and see how you were doing.
Uh... Great.
I'm great. You know. I mean.
with the command center and...
You know. don't worry about me.
-We're good over here.
-Yeah?
'Cause I know it's hard.
You know. we're growing
into new roles.
Uh... I'm not growing
into a new role.
I'm just keeping
your role warm. right?
Right. Yeah. [CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
I think what I meant...
Uh... No. No.
I know what you meant.
It's just for now.
It's just for now. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Um... Hey. babe. I have.
like. 25 people
waiting for me.
I got to go.
I have 25 people
waiting on me too.
Okay.
You know. the kids.
I was making a...
-It's just two more days. Nate.
-Okay. Yep.
-Okay? I love you.
-Two more days.
Uh... Yep. All right. All right.
I love you.
[WASHING MACHINE RUMBLING]
All right. I'm headed out!
Your mom is back
from the cruise.
This is the first time
I've seen you awake
since you got here.
Well. I'm glad I could help.
Now. you just call me
if you need anything.
I... I couldn't find Katie.
-Tell her I said goodbye. Okay?
-[SWITCH CLICKS]
Really?
WALTER: Get me
a home-cooked meal.
[SIGHING IN EXHAUSTION]
NATE: Ladies. I think we know
why we're here.
We're getting a horse?
We're here to talk about towels.
Specifically. why am I carrying
100 pounds of towels up and down
40 steps all day. every day?
Hadley. how many towels
you use a day?
-One.
-NATE: Interesting. Okay.
Gracie. how many towels you use?
-One.
-Also one.
-Sam?
-I've never used a towel.
[CHUCKLING] What?
She doesn't even use a towel.
So our house is magically
generating wet towels all day.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
All right. We're not done
talking about this.
[SOFTLY] Okay. how many towels
do you actually use?
-Eight.
-Eight?
Howdy. partner! [CHUCKLES]
I hope you don't mind.
We're a touch early.
I got to get to line dancing
with the moms.
-What?
-CONOR: Moms' night out.
I wanted to do paint and sip.
but. uh. I got outvoted.
What? You didn't cancel
our sleepover?
No. I did cancel it. I pulled
the Post-it off the calendar.
Okay. but did you call
people's parents?
NATE: I don't even know
your friends' names.
so how would I know
who their parents are? You know.
GRACIE: [GASPS] There's Jane!
-There's another one?
-CONOR: Hey. Jane.
NATE: I don't know
how to do a sleepover.
Your mom didn't leave me
any notes on a sleepover.
It's a sleepover.
I mean. it's not rocket science.
Just. uh. make them some popcorn
and let them do your makeup.
GIRLS: Yes!
-Go get him. girls.
-[GIRLS EXCLAIMING]
-Oh. my God. yes!
-CONOR: You all have fun!
-[GIRLS SQUEALING]
-[UPBEAT SONG PLAYING]
[GIRLS CLAMORING]
-[SONG CONCLUDES]
-[MUFFLED CHEERING]
JANE: Three. two. one!
GRACIE: Two. one!
-Oh!
-What. Dad?
Stop it. This is...
Your mom does this?
Yeah. Have you ever seen her
with nose hairs?
-All the time.
-No. because I've never looked.
You should. It's very smooth.
Okay. guys. we're just
going to go for it. okay?
Just one and done.
And we got it. Okay?
-Okay. Ready? Go. Dad. Two. one!
-Ready? Three. two. one!
-Oh! No. no. no.
-What?
-You know. this is crazy.
-Oh. my God!
-Come on!
-You all are crazy.
-You're so annoying.
-This is...
I'm going to live
like this forever.
-and it'll just come out...
-Right. Okay.
-...when it comes out.
-No. Stop.
Mr. Wilcox. let me just tell you
something. Just right here.
Okay. between you and me.
I do this all the time.
Yeah. but you don't have
a forest up your nose. Jane.
-Wait. are you filming?
-JANE: Here we go.
Uh. nope.
Just looking something up.
-[CELL PHONE BEEPS]
-GRACIE: And action!
[SCREAMING. SOBBING]
-[UPBEAT SONG RESUMES]
-[NATE SCREAMING]
-[SONG STOPS]
-I'm so sorry. Mr. Wilcox.
I've never had someone
bleed like that before.
Jane. don't worry about it.
I'm sorry I screamed so much.
It's okay.
You'll get them next time!
Okay. okay.
-[SOFTLY] So embarrassing.
-[SOFTLY] I know. It's bad.
[NATE SIGHS]
Dude. did you get beat up?
Is it normal
for a roofer to come inside
and work at night?
Yeah. it's normal
for a good roofer.
Look. um...
I'm not trying to snoop.
but while I was up there.
I heard some kids fighting
through one of the bigger holes.
-Bigger holes?
-Look. I...
I can't get into my process
with you. Nate.
All right?
There is an interpersonal issue
in your home.
Yeah. we're having a sleepover.
It's not just any sleepover.
Nate! It's a girls' sleepover.
Look. I got five sisters.
Girls do psychological damage.
-You can repair a roof.
-[UNEASY MUSIC PLAYING]
You can't repair
the memory of a friend
telling you your eyes
are too close together.
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES. SUBSIDES]
Seems quiet.
Calm before the storm.
When they get quiet.
that's when they get mean.
Now. you need to get up there
and give them a group activity
before they start splitting off
and talking about each other.
[SOFTLY] No. no.
I think you're overreacting.
[GIRL SCREAMING]
Dear God. we're too late.
What do I do?
Well. get up there and stop this
before they're damaged for life.
I'm not the one that goes
up there. Katie goes up there.
I stay down here and
make ice cream sundaes.
and they come eat them
once the crying stops.
Well. tonight.
you're all out of Katie.
And ice cream.
I had to check your freezer...
for roof reasons.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
TRISHA: Stop. no. you're...
HADLEY: It has an "E"
at the end.
TRISHA: Oh. my gosh!
You're so dramatic about this.
All the time.
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[DOOR CREAKING]
Hey. how's it going up here?
-We can't be friends.
-[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[CHUCKLING] Whoa!
Let's take a deep breath.
[EXHALES] Hadley. what happened?
The spelling bee!
What? I don't...
The spelling bee happened?
No! The spelling bee
is ruining our lives.
[VOICE SHAKING]
And tearing us apart.
It's all I think about.
I have blisters
from my flashcards.
TRISHA: I can't hear a word
without spelling it.
I-T. It.
And we realize that once
the spelling bee happens.
only one of us will win.
And the rest of us
won't be friends anymore
because we'll be so sad
about losing.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Girls. that's what
this is about?
[CHUCKLING] Oh. my goodness.
Oh! Girls. girls.
do I have great news for you.
No one cares
about a spelling bee.
-What?
-What is he talking...
Look. I mean. yeah.
it's fun to compete.
and it's fun to win. Sure.
But do I have any of my old
spelling bee trophies
on my desk at work?
Dad. you've never won
a spelling bee.
But even if I did.
I wouldn't have them on my desk
because it would be
kind of dumb.
We've been studying
real hard. Mr. Wilcox.
That's great. That's wonderful.
But putting your self-worth
into this contest...
is dumb.
-Dad. it's not...
-Dumb?
Yes. it is.
I'll show you.
Uh. give me a word to spell.
Fiduciary.
[BLOWS RASPBERRY]
Never heard of that word.
No idea how to spell it.
Do you all know how to spell it?
[IN UNISON] F-I-D-U-C-I-A-R-Y.
Look at that.
You're already spelling better
than a grown man
who owns a home.
It doesn't matter who gets
the trophy. You're all winners.
And you're going to use
your big spelling brains
to get big-paying jobs one day.
and you're going to be able
to buy all...
-Okay. Dad. you can go.
-Okay.
GIRLS: I'm so sorry.
-It's okay.
-We can still be friends.
There's going to be
so many spelling bees.
Girls' sleepover. Pretty easy.
Sam.
Why are you wet?
I had to make my horse leave.
You don't have a horse.
Not anymore.
She was drinking out
of my fish tank.
Wait. were you drinking water
-out of your fish tank?
-[STOMACH RUMBLING]
-[RETCHES]
-[WATER SPLASHING]
-[SPITS]
-I feel better now.
I don't know how Katie does it.
Pick them up. Drop them off.
Pick them up again.
Never get time to myself.
Every time I go to the bathroom.
Sam talks to me
through the door.
I get no sleep.
Spotify just keeps recommending
mommy podcasts to me.
My feet hurt. My back hurts.
My jeans don't fit right.
and look at me.
I'm stuffing my face.
I'm not even hungry.
and I'm just pounding away.
I'm not cut out for this life.
Peter. I'm no Conor Ashford.
I'm a Toyota salesman.
And what is a salesman
if he doesn't sell?
You remind me of my dad.
What's he like?
I don't know.
I haven't seen him in 10 years.
-Oh.
-But right before he snapped
and left me at that
Chuck E. Cheese ball pit.
his face looked exactly
like yours does right now.
-Thanks. Peter.
-You're welcome.
Don't you got to deliver
that stuff?
[SCOFFS] What's going to happen?
They're going to fire me?
"Oh. no. I guess
I have to sign up
"with a new email address."
Whole company is run by a robot.
You want a donut?
No. I was embarrassed on
national television by a donut.
Oh. dude. was that...
That was you?
I love that video.
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
KEVIN: [IN SING-SONG VOICE]
Holding a donut! Donut! Donut!
-Oh. dude. that's humiliating.
-Oh.
Holding a donut. He's a bozo.
NATE: That's enough.
Swipe it away.
-GRACIE: And action!
-[SCREAMING]
PETER: Oh. dude. that's you too!
How did that get on there?
What are the odds? The algorithm
must be listening to us.
[AMUSING MUSIC PLAYING]
KATIE: Not bad.
-Mommy!
-Hi. baby.
There she is. Hi.
Mom! Finally!
Hi. hi.
Hey! I was just
preheating the oven.
I missed you guys!
[CHUCKLING] Wow. Hi.
-Mm.
-NATE: So glad you're back.
HADLEY: Mom. since you left.
-our clothes smell different.
-Different. like. bad?
They smell like you.
Sounds like a good thing to me.
GRACIE: Well. my skin type has
changed from combination to oily
because we eat pizza
every night for dinner.
We don't only eat pizza.
In fact. tonight.
I'm cooking lasagna.
Yes. excuse me.
[SCOFFS] Great. More carbs.
Well. I've had a great time.
I need all-new makeup.
I need all-new skincare.
-We will talk about all of that.
-Redone.
Can I just...
Can I bring my bags upstairs?
I have souvenirs for you guys.
GRACIE: [GASPS] Souvenirs!
HADLEY: Where is it?
Now. you're excited.
-GRACIE: Where is it?
-Stop it. You're hogging it.
Now. you remind me of my mom.
All right. dude.
Just give me the lasagna.
KATIE: Check it all out.
HADLEY: Thank you.
I mean. I thought
it was going to go well.
but it is going so well.
We already have distribution.
I mean. Lori thinks I'm going
to be her next Scrub Daddy.
Yeah. I mean.
I don't know what that means.
but it sounds cool.
-[SIZZLING]
-[WINCES] Golly!
-You okay?
-NATE: Uh... Yeah.
Nah. I'm fine. It ha...
It happens all the time.
Does it?
Yes. it does.
-[CELL PHONE RINGING]
-Who's calling me?
-[KISSES. CHUCKLING]
-Oh.
-It's Lori.
-NATE: Ah.
Hi. Lori. Uh-huh.
[GASPS] Yes.
No way!
They're fast-tracking
the Star Minder
to come out
at the end of the month.
-Oh. my God! That's amazing.
-Mom. that's amazing! Good job.
Mm-hm.
Okay.
Oh.
[GROANS] Two more weeks?
SAM: What?
KATIE: Really? I just got home
with my family.
-What?
-KATIE: No. No. no. I...
I understand.
[SOFTLY] I'm sorry.
Of course. Yeah. I know.
Just have your assistant send me
the... the flight info.
and I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay. Bye.
-Are you leaving again?
-GRACIE: What? Mom?
-But you just got back.
-[GROANING] I know.
I mean. you just got back.
We gave you
a big "just got back" hug.
We wouldn't have done
that big of a hug
if we knew
you were just stopping by.
I don't want to leave. you guys.
I really don't. I just...
I have to. And it...
It's only San Francisco
this time.
And just for two more weeks.
Is it. though? You know...
You don't know what it's been
like for these past two weeks
for all of us. so...
KATIE: I know it's hard.
It's really hard for me. too.
But this is a big opportunity.
You guys. this has the potential
to change all of our lives.
But what if our lives
were fine before?
-[SMOKE DETECTOR BEEPING]
-[ALL GROANING]
NATE: Oh! Oh!
GIRLS: Dad!
HADLEY: Come on. Dad. Come on!
GRACIE: Dad!
-NATE: I got it. I got it.
-Dad.
-Everything's fine.
-It's so loud.
Everything's fine.
Everything's fine. [GRUNTS]
-[GRUNTING]
-[BEEPING STOPS]
[KATIE SIGHS]
NATE: [PANTING] All right.
-Everything's fine. All right.
-[SIGHS]
Look. uh...
We'll figure it out. all right?
It's great.
-Thank you.
-NATE: [STUTTERS] It is great.
Yeah. it is. It really is.
And you know what?
I picked up something in Korea
that I think
could help make things
run a little smoother
around here.
GIRLS: [CHUCKLING] Wow!
A digital calendar.
This is the command center
of the future.
Oh. that's great. That's great.
KATIE: Oh.
And this is the best part.
-[MEOWING]
-[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
-Isn't it cute?
-SAM: Aw.
Calendar cat!
KATIE: Yeah.
and now I can run the calendar
-from anywhere in the world.
-GRACIE: So cool.
KATIE: I can
send you daily notes
and post healthy recipes.
extra to-dos.
You're gonna love it.
[ANIMATED CAT MEOWS]
KATIE: Thank you.
-[CAR STARTS]
-I guess we're on our own now.
Three orphans.
[QUIRKY MUSIC PLAYING]
[GROANS] That's not coming out.
-[PERFUME SPRAYING]
-Oh. my...
You're... You're
not washing our clothes.
Hadley. why are you down here?
-Gracie! Sam! Get down here!
-NATE: Stop it right now.
-Do not call them.
-Get down here. Right now!
Do not come down!
Dad is spraying our clothes
with perfume
and then putting them
back dirty.
That's why I smell like Mom?
-No. no.
-HADLEY: I don't get it.
You're constantly down here
doing laundry.
Yeah. because
I'm constantly doing towels!
Do you see that? Look at it.
It doesn't stop.
Your mom said I do towels first.
and I can never get to second.
What's going on?
-Dad's not washing our clothes.
-All right.
All right. That's it.
Let's state the obvious.
-You're a monster.
-You made us gross.
Your mom's system isn't working.
-It works for Mom.
-NATE: Yes. because Mom is Mom.
and I'm not Mom. all right?
I thought I could be
for a few weeks.
I tell you. I almost did it.
-No. you didn't.
-I said. "Almost."
HADLEY: Not even close.
There were moments
that were pretty good.
-I saw you crying in a closet.
-NATE: Look. anyway.
Mom's system
worked for your mom.
And when this was temporary.
I thought. I'll just be her.
But clearly. it's not.
So we need a new plan.
A new era has to start.
A Dad era!
This sounds
like a terrible idea.
-[ANIMATED CAT YOWLS]
-[GRACIE AND HADLEY GASP]
[GASPS] Calendar cat!
Can you do that?
Yeah. because it's my era.
But how will you remember
our schedules?
Uh. a little thing called
"you tell me. and I remember."
And if I forget.
you tell me again.
The "Dad era" is about teamwork.
If we work together.
you will get what you want.
and I will get what I want.
Which is going back to doing
what I do best. selling cars.
Why can we not
have our cake and eat it. too?
So let's talk about it.
What are the things that
we need to get through this?
I want a horse.
That can't be one of the things.
What about food?
We don't have a single fruit
or vegetable
in the entire house.
And toiletries.
I had to shave my legs
last night with Country Crock.
-I love Country Crock.
-HADLEY: I needed a Band-Aid.
and you said. "Just use tape."
Silverware drawer
is filled with dry spaghetti.
Yeah. Well. tell me somewhere
where dry spaghetti is not.
And we just found out that
all our clothes are dirty.
-Yeah.
-NATE: Okay.
I know where we need to go.
Yeah. the grocery store.
the mall. the hardware store.
Just one place.
One magical place
with fluorescent lights
that solves every problem
you've ever had.
The hospital?
NATE: No. Even better.
Walmart!
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
I got cleaning supplies.
Gracie. toiletries.
Hadley. food.
Let's be safe. Let's have fun.
Walmart on three.
One. two. three.
-ALL: Walmart!
-[HADLEY CHUCKLES]
-[WOMAN YELLS]
-[HADLEY GROANS]
-[WOMAN GROANS]
-Sorry!
-[BOTH EXCLAIMING]
-[CLATTERING]
Oh. I'll get
two weeks of T-shirts
and two weeks of underwear.
What about socks?
Uh. socks are optional.
but let's go nuts.
Okay.
What happens after two weeks?
Well. we throw all this out
and start over.
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
-[CREAKING]
-[STRAINING]
[CLINKS]
[WHOOPING TRIUMPHANTLY]
NATE: All right. Now that
we are doing things my way.
we are going to run this
like a top-notch dealership.
This is your incentive board.
The more chores you do.
the more perks you get.
Yes.
Each of you
will keep a maintenance log
to keep track of all the things
you're running out of
and I will go get them.
Over here. this is the parts
and accessories counter.
This is where
we're going to keep hair ties
and stuff that
I've been stepping on.
-That's fair.
-That's a good idea.
Welcome to
the Wilcox Family Dealership.
Now please go enjoy your sweet.
delicious.
easy-to-clean breakfast.
And let's have
a great day out there.
Mm.
Put on a pot of coffee.
The world's best salesman
is back!
Nate. what are you doing here?
Uh. doing what I do best.
Living life my way
and selling amazing vehicles.
Peyton.
Wait! He's back?
He can't be back.
Well. what about your daughters?
Hey. does your wife know
you're back?
Don't worry about my family.
They're taken care of.
[KEEGAN LAUGHING]
GRACIE: All right. you guys
can choose the next song.
You know.
my ex-wife said she didn't think
I had the skills to be a parent.
Can you believe that?
[VOICE SHAKING] If she could
only see me now.
-Aw.
[SONG CONTINUES PLAYING]
It's time
to take out the towels.
-[EXPLOSION]
-[YELPS]
Are these all turtlenecks?
In every color.
-[SIGHS]
-I know.
Look. you want
to get Brian's attention.
this is how you do it.
It isn't edgy clothes.
It's to dress conservatively.
Also. ignore him.
Maybe find a different route
to class. even.
Maybe? All right.
[SIGHS] Thanks. Dad.
-NATE: You're going to love it.
-Mm-hm.
All right. Good to see you.
You are on fire. Nate.
That guy just came in
to use the bathroom.
Put it on the board.
-[AIR HORN BLOWING]
-[CLATTERS. SHATTERS]
Here's to work-life balance.
Cheers.
[HORNS HONKING]
[EXCLAIMING]
Okay. it's just getting sad now.
[CELL PHONE DINGS]
Yeah. Sam's still kissing kids.
[EXHALES]
[SONG ENDS]
Am I crazy.
or is $100 kind of cheap?
[HORSE WHINNIES]
I mean. Cinnamon's like
family to us. you know.
He's been with us forever.
He's a good boy. you know.
He's just not been the same
since the incident that day.
I mean. you know.
we're at the fairgrounds.
there's laughter. music.
He got a little out of control
-and things got kind of wild...
-Fifty bucks and it's a deal.
-Okay.
-All right.
Is that...
Yep. And as long as you promise
to stop kissing all the kids
at school.
Cinnamon is yours.
[SCREAMING] I'm going to put
all my kisses on Cinnamon.
-[SQUEALING]
-[EXCLAIMING] Whoa. whoa.
Let's maybe wait a second.
Don't make any big noises
and maybe just blow the kisses.
Does that work?
-Thank you. Daddy.
-You're welcome.
-[INDISTINCT CHATTER ON TV]
-NATE: Wow.
Really?
She's not hugging and kissing
anyone at school anymore?
That's great.
I guess my bubble talk worked!
What? You can do that?
All right. yeah. All right. Bye.
[CHUCKLING] Man.
Oh. my goodness.
You're not going to believe it.
That was Sam's teacher
and they're talking about
skipping her up a grade.
Wow. You should
get us all horses.
Well. we don't have
the land for that.
Dad. the toilet's clogged again.
Was it you?
Ew. No.
Well. that sounds
like a Service Manager problem.
Who's the Service Manager?
I'm on it. This gets me
a week's supply of cupcakes.
NATE: Attagirl.
Don't forget
to put a car on the board.
Hey. feet up.
Janitor's coming through.
GRACIE: Oh. by the way.
what time is your. uh.
Salesman of the Year
thing tomorrow?
Uh. all afternoon. Yeah.
It's a big deal. Yeah. Man.
Okay. and what about
Hadley's spelling bee?
Uh. it's afternoon too.
-But I can do both.
-[VACUUM THUDS]
So if you don't...
Oh. look. she got stuck.
-You mind kicking it?
-[THUDS]
-Ah. there she goes. Huh?
-[VACUUM WHIRRING]
Go put a car on the board
-for yourself.
-[SNICKERS]
[AUDIENCE CLAPPING]
JUDGE: Your word is "duopoly."
CONTESTANT: Duopoly.
-D-U-O-P-O-L-Y.
-[INDISTINCT CONVERSATION]
Duopoly.
-JUDGE: That's correct.
-[AUDIENCE CLAPPING]
Settle down.
Everybody. settle down.
-[GAVEL BANGING]
-Order!
[SOFTLY] Hi.
Our next competitor
is Hadley Wilcox.
[WHOOPS]
-Sir. please.
-NATE: [CHUCKLING] Sorry.
[SOFTLY] This is exciting.
[SHUSHES]
JUDGE: Your word
is "systematic."
Systematic.
NATE: You got this. Hadley!
-[AIR HORN BLOWING]
-[AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING]
-Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-Sir. this is a spelling bee.
NATE: That's not...
It's not the vibe.
I'm sorry. [CHUCKLING] Sorry.
-[WHOOPS]
-HADLEY: Systematic.
S-Y-S-T-E-M-
-A-T-I-C.
-[SOFTLY] A-T-I-K.
HADLEY: Systematic.
-She got it wrong.
-That's correct.
Oh. there we go! Hadley!
Come on. everybody!
Spelling is unpredictable. man.
-That was a wild ride.
-CONOR: Yeah.
That's not how I spell it.
-[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
-[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Oh. looks like your boy
abandoned you again. Dan. huh?
He's probably loading up
Power Cards for his kids
at Dave & Buster's right now.
No. he wouldn't do that to me.
Just saying. he doesn't care
about you or this place.
He never did.
He'll be here.
-HADLEY: ...I-O-N.
-[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
-Cushion.
-JUDGE: That's correct.
[AUDIENCE CLAPPING]
[SOFTLY] Hey. Psst. Psst.
How many rounds is this?
-How many rounds?
-Yeah.
Well. they just keep going
until there's only one kid left.
-[JUDGE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
-[SIGHS]
Have you not been
to a spelling bee before?
[WHISPERING] They didn't have
them when I was in school.
[WHISPERING] I think
they had them.
I think maybe. just.
you weren't in them.
[AUDIENCE CLAPPING]
Hey. I got to run
to the bathroom.
-Will you watch my seat?
-Watch it?
-Yeah. just make sure no one...
-Hey. when you come back.
instead of sitting there.
why don't you come up front.
sit next to your guy right here.
Uh...
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
I'll meet you in there.
-[CHUCKLING]
-[JUDGE SHUSHES]
WOMAN: You got
a little something.
Wow. Whoa.
-[AIR HORN BLOWS]
-[CROWD GASPING]
Never fear. your Salesman
of the Year is here!
WOMAN 2: All right. Nate!
-That's my guy!
-NATE: That's me. His guy.
This is awesome. I'm so excited.
Let's get going because
I don't have a ton of time.
Where do you have to be
that's more important than this?
[CLICKS TONGUE]
Nowhere. I got nowhere to be!
I got nowhere to be. All right?
I'm just. like. excited.
-All right.
-Chill. Bring it down.
I got to introduce you
to the manager
of our Cool Springs dealership.
He's been dying to meet you.
All right. yeah. I can't wait.
-Let's go.
-DAN: Yeah.
-Mike Vanderholden.
-Hey.
Is it true
-that you know Mr. Wonderful?
-Huh?
DAN: Yeah. I was telling him
how you were on Shark Tank.
Man. you got to give me
his number.
I have a killer invention
that I need to pitch to him.
Yeah. I don't... I...
I don't really know them.
I was on one episode.
MIKE: Listen.
don't hold out on me.
I'm gonna give you a piece
of the pie. my man.
I don't want a piece.
-Judicious.
-[BELL DINGS]
I'm sorry but that is incorrect.
[AUDIENCE CLAPPING]
MIKE: Let me get
your LinkedIn. then.
and I'll just find the sharks
through that.
You're going to find the sharks
through LinkedIn.
I don't have...
I don't have LinkedIn.
I thought you said
this guy was cool. man.
-All right.
-DAN: Yeah.
-Dan. can we get this going?
-Yeah.
-Hey. uh. one second. Hey.
-Yeah. no problem.
You're acting crazy
right now. Okay?
So I just want to check in.
I'm just excited
about the speech.
I just want to do the speech.
I don't want to forget it.
you know?
Great.
-Good. good. good.
-All right.
[BELL DINGS]
I'm so sorry.
but that is incorrect.
[AUDIENCE CLAPPING]
And with that. we are down
to our final two contestants.
First up...
Hadley Wilcox.
[AUDIENCE CLAPPING]
JUDGE: Your word
is "diphtheria."
HADLEY: Uh...
Can you please repeat the word?
JUDGE: Diphtheria.
HADLEY: Diphtheria.
[SCATTERED CLAPPING]
NATE: There it is.
-[ALL CHEERING]
-Thank you.
Thank you.
I don't have a lot of time.
so I'm going to make this quick.
Uh. a lot of people want to say
that dads can't have it all.
and I'm here to say
that's not true.
-[SCATTERED APPLAUSE]
-Yes! [EXCLAIMS]
Look. it's amazing to win
Salesman of the Year. it is.
But the real prize will be
when I go home.
and I open that front door.
and I hold up these tickets
and see the looks
on my kids' faces!
Uh. all right. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
Wow. Isn't he the best?
Now. this. uh.
this vehicle is for sale.
-What happened?
-I lost. Dad.
And you would have known that
if you hadn't left me
in the middle
of the competition.
I was going to come back.
-I thought I could make it...
-Well. you didn't! You didn't.
Hadley. it's going to be okay.
There's going to be
other spelling bees...
I don't even care
that I didn't win!
I just wanted you to be there.
[PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING]
You told me
not to put all my self-worth
into a dumb contest.
but look at where you are
right now.
I just want to go home.
Please. just take me home.
Okay. All right. Let's go home.
Where's Gracie?
She had study group
after school today.
Why do I know that
and you don't?
Yeah. What happened to "you
tell me. and I'll remember"?
[DOOR OPENS]
Come on!
Let's go set up karaoke.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Hey. come on!
Your kids
will still be mad at you later!
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
KEEGAN: Looks like
they're having some fun.
-You know these kids?
-[NATE SIGHS]
Are you kidding?
What is happening?
Hey. Nate. What's up?
Throwing yourself
a little birthday party?
What?
Go upstairs. Go upstairs.
[LAUGHTER]
-Gracie!
-GRACIE: Dad?
You're supposed to be at your
work party for. like.
another hour.
-What are you doing?
-NATE: My bad.
Am I ruining
your "study group"?
And what are you doing here?
She's wearing a turtleneck.
[STUTTERING]
Turtlenecks are fire.
What?
Oh. my God. [SCOFFS]
So embarrassing.
NATE: Gracie!
Gracie.
Gracie! Hey!
We need to talk about this.
You're not supposed to be
at home alone with boys.
That's not
what the "Dad era" is about.
It is not about lying.
No. It's about keeping us busy
with shortcuts
so you can keep doing
whatever you want!
And. by the way.
it is about lying.
because Mom doesn't even know
you went back to work!
Gracie. that doesn't even...
Yeah. I'm going
to slam my door now.
[DOOR SLAMS]
Nate. you need to come outside.
-Not right now.
-No. right now!
-What?
-[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
And bring a shovel.
Poor fella.
Oh. my gosh.
-What am I going to do?
-[EXHALES]
NATE: I can't let Sam see this.
Let's pull it over
by the neighbor's trash can.
Trash day's tomorrow.
Pretty sure tomorrow
is recycling...
-Just grab a hoof!
-Grabbing a hoof.
-[CINNAMON NEIGHING]
-[EXCLAIMS] It's alive!
NATE: Whoa. whoa! It's alive!
Down. down! Down!
Be bigger than him!
[BOTH EXCLAIMING]
NATE: Easy! Whoa!
-Not in there! Not in there!
-[EXCLAIMING] No!
[THUDS]
GIRL 1: Oh. my God!
GIRL 2: What?
-[KIDS PANICKING]
-BOY: Oh. shoot. we gotta go.
GIRL 3: Watch out!
GIRL 4: Oh. my God.
We have to run.
Move. move. move.
-GIRL 5: Oh. my gosh!
-[KIDS CLAMORING]
NATE: Hey. come on. Cinnamon.
[CINNAMON WHINNIES]
-[EXCLAIMS]
-Oh. no.
-[CINNAMON WHINNIES]
-[CLATTERING]
-[EXCLAIMS]
-GRACIE: Dad. what's happening?
Well. the horse was lying down.
dead in the back
and now it's alive!
Dad. horses sleep laying down.
Cinnamon. come here.
-It's okay. Come here.
-[CINNAMON GRUNTS]
Good job.
-Give me that.
-Hey.
Hey. Cinnamon. I got some pizza.
Come here. Cinnamon.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
-[CLATTERING]
Oh. no!
-[GASPS]
-I can fix that.
Hey. Hey. Cinnamon.
-Come here. Here we go.
-No! Dad! He'll run away!
-Watch out.
-NATE: Come on.
Stop. Stop! No!
No! No! No! [SIGHS]
Cinnamon. stop!
GRACIE: I'm sorry. Sam.
-[NATE GRUNTS]
-[THUDDING]
[WOODEN BEAMS CREAKING]
HADLEY: Dad. look out!
NATE: Whoa!
No. no. no. no. no. no.
[NATE EXCLAIMING]
-[COUGHING]
-Are you okay?
SAM: Yeah.
GRACIE: It's okay.
It's all right.
[KEEGAN SIGHS]
Horses. right?
-I can fix this.
-[CELL PHONE RINGING]
-Hey. honey.
-KATIE: Hey. hon.
I have fantastic news.
So Lori was able
to move a few things around
in her schedule.
and she will be with me tomorrow
for the live stream
from the house.
NATE: Live stream?
At our house?
Yeah.
Lori thought it would be
the best place to do it
because it's where the original
Star Minder was built.
It's all in the calendar.
NATE: Yeah. I saw it.
Just. tomorrow snuck up on me
real fast.
KATIE: [CHUCKLES] Okay.
You finally get
what my life is like.
Oh. um. just make sure
to do a quick vacuum.
because we land around noon.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
That'll... that'll help.
KATIE: And babe.
thank you so much
for staying home
this last month
and taking care of the house.
I could not have done
any of this without you.
I love you so much.
I love you. too.
- KATIE: Okay. bye.
-Yeah.
[SOFTLY] Oh. man.
[GROANING]
[GRUNTS]
Oh. man.
-[DISTORTED CHIME]
-[NATE EXHALES]
Little late. calendar.
[PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
I just thought everyone could
get what they wanted.
No. You thought you could get
what you wanted.
[SIGHS] God. man...
Yeah. look at this.
I don't even...
Oh. no.
[SUCKS TEETH]
I need to fix this.
[SIGHS] I just don't know
where to start.
Then start there.
Hey. you think I know
how I'm going to fix your roof?
I hope so.
Well. I don't.
But you know what?
I'm going to keep showing up.
And yeah.
it's going to take forever.
And it'll be super hard
and cost a ton.
and I might fail.
But sometimes we have to do
the difficult things
for the ones we love.
I love you. too?
Hey. this is fun. huh?
A little campout
in the living room.
Roasting s'mores
on an open flame.
-It's a space heater.
-Okay.
The marshmallows are melting
all over the carpet.
Oh. that doesn't matter.
This carpet's not going to stay.
None of this matters.
I mean. what matters is
we're spending time together.
Dad. our house is wrecked.
I don't have a bedroom.
Yeah. It's bad.
I mean. it's the most bad. Okay?
But we're going
to get through this.
Like families do. Right?
Hey. look. I...
I know what this needs.
-It needs a campfire story.
-Space heater story.
Okay. A space heater story.
And this one's true. All right?
This happened a long time ago.
So there was this house
in the mountains.
And this family is sitting
in the living room.
And they look out the window
and they see a bear.
Just a cute bear.
And they're excited.
Except that every time
it gets a little closer.
the bear gets bigger.
And bigger. and bigger.
and bigger.
And then that's when they
realize this is not a cute bear.
This is a grizzly bear.
And then it comes
inside the house
and starts tearing
everything apart.
I mean. it's way worse
than a horse could do.
And so it's going through
and it's tearing stuff apart.
-The family's trapped.
-Did everyone live?
What? Yeah... Oh.
Yes. Yeah. No. Come here.
Yes. Yes. No.
Everyone lived.
You know. everyone.
No one lived.
There's no way
they could have lived.
-A bear got...
-SAM: I heard that.
-How did you hear it?
-[GIRLS GIGGLING]
How did you hear it?
I'm... All right.
I knew that wasn't a real story.
You're right.
It wasn't.
Can I just tell you...
that you girls are awesome?
And I am so sorry for pretty
much messing up everything.
What do you mean?
You got me a horse.
Yeah.
But that's because I didn't talk
about personal space
and bubbles.
What?
Yeah. we got to figure that out.
Hadley. aw. man.
I should've never left
that spelling bee.
It was. as you would say.
I-N-X...
Are you trying
to spell "inexcusable"?
Yeah. Ah. you're so smart.
And Gracie.
I can't even be mad at you
for throwing that party.
You shouldn't have done it.
But you were just following
the bad example
that I was setting.
I'm not the dad I want to be.
All right?
And the truth is it's because
I've never worked at it.
Loving you three came
just so easily. you know?
And I thought that was enough.
But it's not.
You got to put in work.
And it's real work.
Your mom's always known that.
She's going to kill you.
Yeah.
Well...
Not if I can fix this.
How are you going to do that?
[SIGHS]
I'm a salesman.
I'll sell.
I'm going to sell harder
than I've ever sold
in my entire life.
-Hey.
-What do you want?
I got a big favor to ask.
I'm kind of in a tough spot.
Uh. I know we haven't seen
eye-to-eye at work all the time.
and. uh. I do respect you.
and you might not think
I respect you
by all the things
that I've said at work.
But disrespect is respect.
It's the same word.
It's just got the "dis"
in front of it.
But the "dis" is.
if you take it away...
Huh? We got...
It's all respect.
And that's. uh...
What do you need?
I need to borrow your house.
Just for tomorrow.
And in exchange.
I'm willing to give you
my Titan tickets.
[MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING]
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
Honestly. I never thought
I'd see the day.
You know. Nate.
I know how hard it was for you
to work up the courage
to say that.
I saw you practicing
on my Ring camera.
It takes a real man
to ask for help.
That kind of honesty.
that kind of vulnerability.
it's inspiring. man.
It really is.
Thank you.
I want to help you.
That's such a relief. man.
Psych!
NATE: Come on. man.
Don't close the blinds on me.
Come on!
Peyton. I need those tickets.
-Peyton!
-[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
I need to use your house.
What?
I don't have time
to explain. dude.
Just consider it payback
for when you used mine
as a kids' hotel.
I... I'm sorry.
You mean the sleepover?
Let's not get caught up
in the details. all right?
Do you realize
how awful you've been to me?
You... you haven't responded
to a single text message
that I've sent you.
I invited you to play
disc golf again. Nothing.
Goat yoga. no response.
So no. you don't get
to use the house.
-What?
-There's no house.
-What? Hey. hey.
-Yeah.
I'm sorry.
What?
I want to hang out.
You know. we're
two stay-at-home dads.
We have more in common
than I even realize.
You're serious?
Completely.
Because none of the other dads
have ever hung out with me.
I bet they haven't...
but I'm...
I'm not the other dads.
[INHALES] Can I shake your hand?
Sure. I guess. Uh...
[MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
That feels good.
[WATCH BEEPING]
Oh. no.
Oh. Oh. God.
[SOBS] I'm going to let you
use the house.
Oh. Thank you. buddy.
[CONOR SOBBING]
Oh. man.
All right. everybody.
The challenge ahead
of us is simple.
We have to make this house
look like our house
so Mom's live stream goes off
without a hitch.
-Dad! Wake up.
-[GASPS]
I was listening.
I just had my eyes closed.
Why are you here?
I texted Mom to come.
Well. she sent me.
Said maybe I'd learn something.
Whatever that means. [CHUCKLES]
Okay.
My plan is five simple steps
that require
perfect cooperation.
-Step one. interception.
-[ROUSING MUSIC PLAYING]
We have to make sure
the car that picks up
Mom and Lori from the airport
is a car that we control.
Would either of you ladies
care for a pistachio?
NATE: Step two. misdirection.
We need to divert
the live stream camera crew
and send them here.
You're looking for the Wilcoxes?
Well. they moved.
but I can give you the address.
NATE: Step three. deception.
Conor's house needs to look
like we live in it.
which means our photos.
our things.
and our general level
of messiness.
Step four. affection.
And this is crucial. girls.
I need you to lay it on thick
for these cameras.
I will keep
comfortable eye contact.
And by the end
of the live stream.
we will reach step five.
Happily ever after.
Mom will come home.
see what we've all done to help
make her dreams come true.
And everything will be okay.
The Star Minder
will be a huge hit...
Wait. why am I there?
What? What?
Maybe that was just
in my imagination.
-Never mind.
-Okay. I think we got it.
Let's go!
PILOT: All right. folks.
welcome to Nashville.
We should have you all
to the gate anytime now.
There's a little bit of
congestion over at the runway.
but good news. we've got you
in a little bit early today.
-Oh.
-I'm gonna text the driver
-and let him know.
-Great.
[HAMMERING]
All right.
Everybody's doing great!
Ugh. is this going
to be on camera?
Look at my hair. Dad.
That's... That's disgusting.
-That's gross.
-Less talky. more hammering!
-All right!
-GRACIE: Where did you even
-find this picture from?
-We're doing great!
GRACIE: It's not even in one
of the main rooms of our house.
Did you go out of the way...
Does it look too nice in here?
I mean. for you.
Uh. you know what? You're right.
Hey. Conor.
you got any dry spaghetti
we can throw on the floor?
Why is she putting
new holes in the wall
instead of using the old holes?
NATE: Oh. buddy.
we're way past that.
[GROANS] Where are
the Star Minders?
Shoot. I need to run home.
Peter!
Dad. did you get them?
WALTER: The flight got in early.
NATE: What? It arrived early?
They were early!
And I got confused
at the airport.
I went to Departures
because I thought that's where
people leave in the airport.
By the time
I circled back around.
they were getting in a car
and driving off.
NATE: Dad.
they're going to our house.
You have to stop them.
I'm going to cut them off.
NATE: No. don't cut them off.
Just wait till they get
to the light or something.
Can't hear you. son.
Too busy saving the day!
-[ENGINE REVVING]
-[TIRES SCREECHING]
People here drive crazy.
WALTER: All right.
I'm going to stop them.
-[ROUSING MUSIC CONTINUES]
-If this goes wrong...
I love you. son.
-You love me?
-Aw.
Dad. this is not that important!
Don't do this!
-[TIRES SCREECHING]
-Dad!
Dad! Are you okay?
-Dad?
- [LIGHTS CLICKING]
WALTER: Nah. it's all good.
I'll see you at the house.
NATE: Dad? Wait.
What are you...
[LINE DISCONNECTS]
Walter?
Katie!
-What are the odds?
-[SPUTTERS] Uh...
I... I don't even...
-You know this man?
-Yeah. this is my father-in-law.
Why... why did you cut us off?
Katie. actually. in an accident.
it's the driver in the back
who's always at fault.
That's what you get
for tailgating.
-Uh... [SIGHS]
-So. um. you're home.
Yeah. we were on our way
to the house now. and...
Oh. Well.
that's where I'm headed.
Come on. let me give you a ride.
No. I don't think we should
leave the scene of an accident.
Well. it was your car
that was in the accident.
I mean. my car is just fine.
All right. Stay right here.
I'll be right back.
[OBJECTS CLATTERING]
[NATE GROANING]
Yes. Yeah.
What...
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Hey. Nate. What's up. man?
-Where are you?
- PETER: Oh. sorry.
I got a ride request.
and Bonnaroo tix
go on sale this weekend.
-so had to make a little money.
-NATE: What?
- Dude. seriously?
-Shh.
-I'm on the phone.
-I need a ride right now. dude.
Peter? I need a ride now!
-Peter!
-[LINE DISCONNECTS]
[RUSTLING]
[CINNAMON GRUNTS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[NATE WHOOPING]
Yeah! Come on! Yeah!
-[EXCLAIMING]
-[HORNS HONKING]
Sorry!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
I don't think
he knows about lights!
"And it was on that day
that the Star Minder was born."
Conceived...
Lakewood Springs?
Wait. Walter.
this is not where we...
Park? I know.
We always park in the driveway.
Just where it's always been.
I mean. how long have
you been gone? [LAUGHING]
Ah. Nate.
he has done such a great job.
You should've seen
how he's redecorated the house.
It's been a little surprising.
but you're going to love it.
All right. ladies.
Here we are.
Mission accomplished.
LORI: Don't be nervous.
Listen. if we sell
5.000 units today.
you're going to be in stores
by the end of the month.
And if not.
well. it's really
about the memories
we've made along the way.
WALTER: Okay. ladies.
-Let me give you a hand there.
-LORI: Thank you.
WALTER: You're welcome.
Mrs. Shark.
-[WALTER CLEARS THROAT]
-[EXHALES. CHUCKLES]
Walter. what is going on?
Uh. don't worry.
Nate will explain everything.
-Great. And where is Nate?
-Mm-hm.
[CINNAMON WHINNIES]
NATE: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Coming in hot!
Look out!
We don't know how to stop!
-[CINNAMON WHINNIES]
-[NATE YELPS]
-Oh.
-Oh. Nate! Oh. my...
-Nate!
-[NATE GROANING]
Oh. my gosh! Are you okay?
I am. Welcome home.
Welcome home?
Whose horse is that?
-Why are we at Conor's house?
-[GROANING]
God. I had to make
a deal with him.
Let's just say our house
isn't exactly camera-ready.
Oh. no. no. no. no. Let's...
let's say more than that.
I'd really rather not.
So let's just go inside
and do the live stream.
KATIE: No. no. Nate.
what happened to our house?
[SIGHS]
Okay. fine.
-I went back to work.
-KATIE: You what?
And then I bought Sam a horse.
You bought her a horse?
Because she was hugging
and kissing the kids at school
and I had to buy her a horse.
And then the horse was.
I thought. died.
But horses lay down.
apparently. to sleep.
I found out that...
I didn't know that.
And then the horse
tore the house up.
It just kicked everything.
It just tore everything down.
Are the kids okay?
No. the kids are fine.
The kids are fine.
It's the roof.
The roof collapsed.
-Our roof collapsed?
-But that's a separate...
That's not even involving
the horse. It just collapsed.
And. so.
there's a great chance that I...
yeah. I ruined our lives.
LORI: Katie. You ready?
Yeah. Yeah. Could you
give me a quick second?
Okay.
Nate. how could you do this?
I... I gave you
so many chances to tell me
how things were actually going.
and you continually lied to me.
Did you just think
I wasn't going to find out?
No. Listen. you got to trust me.
I am not going
to let your dream die out here
in Conor Ashford's dumb bushes!
You just need to go inside.
Please. just. let's go inside...
and let me show you what me
and the kids did for you. Okay?
[EXHALES]
I'm going to go inside...
but we're not done.
I know.
Okay.
KATIE: Let's do this.
I think that worked.
[CINNAMON WHINNIES]
You look really familiar. Where.
uh. where do I know you from?
I'm on Shark Tank.
-No. that's not it.
-[DOOR OPENS]
KEEGAN: Hm.
KATIE: Hi. everyone.
GRACIE: Mom!
SAM: Mommy!
Hi. my babies.
I missed you guys.
Hi.
[PLEASANT MUSIC PLAYING]
Wow.
What?
Uh. she's just surprised
I didn't destroy the house
while she was out of town.
you know?
[LAUGHTER]
Well. it looks like
we're all here.
Let's get this live stream
going. Come on.
Okay.
So this is where
the Star Minder was born.
Yes. that's right.
I was sitting here
in my favorite chair.
looking around. you know.
at my favorite...
uh. my favorite chimney.
I just. I remember thinking
there has to be
a better way to get organized.
-LORI: Exactly.
-Yeah.
LORI: And what do you ladies
feel about your mom's invention?
I use it every day.
It really helps with homework.
It helps me remember
to keep my hands to myself.
LORI: So good.
It helps me remember to dress
appropriately for school.
LORI: That's great.
Oh. wow. Katie.
the live stream is loving this!
-KATIE: Yeah? [CHUCKLES]
-Yeah. it's so good!
Three poised daughters.
and a husband who. I have to
say. is incredibly good at...
Maintaining comfortable
eye contact?
-Exactly.
-NATE: Yes.
Well. I'm a Toyota salesman.
best in the region. but...
-LORI: So great!
-What is this?
Conor. what are these people
doing in my house?
Are you kidding me?
Dude. you didn't tell her?
I thought you'd be done by now.
She's going to kill me.
Why did she say
this is her house?
Because this is my house.
dollface. This is my house.
What is happening?
Listen. delay the live stream!
-Nate...
-HADLEY: Dad. it's live.
All right. Edit that part out.
Edit all of that out.
KATIE: Sorry. Lori. Uh...
This isn't our house.
-I... I can't lie. Nate.
-NATE: I can. though.
Hi. This is our house.
Nate. No. no. It's done.
It's over. It's...
All right.
Oh. man.
LORI: It's not your house?
It's not.
It's not. I'm sorry.
Listen... [EXHALES]
-Shark...
-Just Lori is good.
The truth is. uh. our house
is an unlivable mess right now.
I thought
I could do what you do.
You make it look so easy.
but it's not. It's so hard.
I mean. so. so hard.
Preach.
NATE: I guess I've always
done things the easy way.
These last 12 hours. though.
have been the hardest I've ever
worked in my entire life.
I even gave away
the Titan tickets
I won just to fix all this.
You gave away your tickets?
NATE: I... I don't deserve them.
You know?
I thought being the breadwinner
was all I had to offer.
But spending this last month
at home with the girls.
I mean. it was better than
all the tickets in the world.
The funny thing is...
me trying to be a version of you
and failing at it so bad
actually. I think made me
a better version of me.
you know?
Jeez. I'm going to go
call my ex-wife.
Uh...
NATE: You know what?
You'll like this.
I even used the Star Minder
to put
this whole crazy thing together.
Because even a dad like myself
can use the Star Minder
to hatch a crazy plan.
But listen. I don't want to be
the one to tell you that.
Let's hear it from my beautiful.
brilliant wife. Katie.
You explain it to them.
KATIE: Okay. Uh. yes.
If you will follow me this way.
I will show you the Star Minder.
GRACIE: Man.
the live stream is going nuts.
Hey. You did it. You did it.
-Come here. Come...
-[LAUGHING]
I cannot believe. I'm so happy.
I'm so proud of you all.
Man. look at us.
We ended up getting that
happy ending after all.
It didn't take
quite as long as
it took Keegan
to fix our roof.
but I got the inside
of the house looking.
you know. pretty good.
Are you sure I can't help?
No. I told you I got this.
Permission to enter your bubble?
-Always. Here.
-[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
You want to help me paint?
-SAM: Yeah.
-Come on. All right.
So you start there.
There you go. Go up and down.
And we even let Keegan put up
a sign to get more work.
I mean.
he hasn't got more work.
And. you know. I don't...
We don't expect it.
-but we put that sign up.
- [CROWD CHEERING]
I also left Toyota to run sales
at Star Minder Inc.
Now. I'm Katie's
number one guy.
I mean. I was before. too.
Uh. I mean. you get it.
We finally found
the right work-life balance.
We're in this together now.
which is how
families should be.
Sam.
Candy! Give me!
Give me! Give me!
NATE: Please make it last
past the second quarter.
Hadley. vegetables.
Are you sure
you don't want fries?
N-O.
NATE: Popcorn for Gracie...
-and Brian.
-Thanks. Dad.
Thanks. Mr. Wilcox.
-Appreciate it.
-NATE: Yeah.
Okay. babe.
So Hadley has practice
for her spelling bee regionals
next Tuesday.
And Sam has a ride
with Cinnamon.
I mean. I could do Hadley
if you want to do...
No. No. I've learned my lesson.
I'm not missing anything
spelling-related ever again.
Unless it's a word I don't know.
which is a lot of words.
-you know.
-Perfect.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies
and gentlemen.
please turn your attention
-to the Jumbotron.
-BOTH: Oh.
And give a warm welcome
to West Corners'
-Toyota Salesman of the Year...
-Oh.
-Here we go.
-Mm.
...Peyton Mahar!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Yeah. he deserves it.
I guess
the pecs do bring in the checks.
You're my Salesman of the Year.
-I'm your only salesman.
-[CHUCKLES]
ANNOUNCER: Also.
attending today's game.
a local inventor
and entrepreneur.
recently featured
on Shark Tank.
There's more than one way
to get on the 'tron.
What?
ANNOUNCER: Please give it up
for the inventor
of the Star Minder.
-Katie Wilcox!
- [ALL CHEERING]
That's my mom!
[UPBEAT SONG PLAYING]
ANNOUNCER: Welcome
to the stage. Nate Bargatze!
GIRL: My daddy. Nate Bargatze!
-Kisses for everybody!
-Stop! No. ew! Dad. stop!
I love having a girl.
A girl world
is the only world that I know.
She's gonna be 45
and I'll be like.
"Just let us live with you.
-"Let us."
-[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
[GIRLS LAUGHING]
We hired a contractor.
And being a contractor.
that's a great job to have.
Because you can just
ruin someone's life and leave.
-[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
-[KEEGAN EXCLAIMING]
Oh. heads up! Heads up!
If we hire someone to do
something to our house.
I promise he does not do
that job full time.
Hey. honey.
Everything's fine. Yeah.
it was just...
our front door camera.
[STUTTERING] False alarm.
Animals that were
running around.
Horse. Horses.
[STUTTERING] Skunk. Aardvark.
Um. king cobra.
-Ocelots. Ankles. ankles.
-What? No.
Uh. squirrels. It was squirrels.
Squirrels are running.
It's mating season
right now. so...
[WHISPERS]
It's not mating season.
You need to get up there.
and give them a group activity.
-Sorry.
-[CREW LAUGHING]
We take our trash out...
uh. one of the days.
I don't know the day.
but it's a day.
Wait. it's trash day!
I know we forgot to take it out
a couple weeks ago.
That stress could
break up a family.
Wait! Wait!
[NATE GROANS]
All week was like. "Everybody.
eat out of your hands."
"Put your trash
in your pockets.
-"take it to your homes."
-[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
MAN: You don't have to do this.
It's too hot for me. sorry.
-It's too hot for me.
-[CREW LAUGHING]
They have. like.
free-range chicken
and then they have.
like. not free-range.
But free-range chicken.
that's allowed to roam free.
Obviously. not at the store.
It's dead at the store.
But they still have a list of
its hobbies on the package.
My wife asked me to get eggs.
This is insane.
I did the milk earlier
and I blacked out.
I can't do eggs too.
I learned that horses
lay down to sleep.
-[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
-I did not know that.
-[CINNAMON NEIGHING]
-[BOTH EXCLAIMING]
-It's alive!
-Whoa. whoa!
NATE: Like. man.
I bet you don't think
about that
when you buy a horse.
That's a huge thing
dying in your yard.
You can't just scoot it off into
the woods with your foot.
Hey! Stop!
[BOTH EXCLAIMING]
Pst. pst. pst. Hey-yah!
I get in front and I was like.
"Uh. I'll take an iced coffee
with cream."
She goes. "With cream?"
And I go. "With cream."
She said it one more time.
She said.
"So iced coffee with cream?"
And at that point.
I should have said.
-"What's going on right now?"
-[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
Before I could get it.
she's walked back
with a can of whipped cream.
And I look down
and she starts spraying
the whipped cream
on top of my iced coffee.
I'm like. "That's what you
thought I said over there?"
"You don't think
I would have said.
"'Iced coffee
with whipped cream'?
"You think
I'm just some nutjob?"
You said you were
gonna give me more.
MAN: You'll get it.
you'll get it.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[ALL SLURPING]
We were the breadwinners.
-MAN: Cut.
-[ALL LAUGHING]
All right. thank you guys
so much for coming out to this.
-It means the absolute world.
-[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
I mean. one of the best crowds
I've ever been in front of.
Thank... I can't
thank you enough.
-There's my guy!
-Whoo!
I can't thank you enough.
You were unbelievable.
-Thank you so much!
-[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING]
[AMUSING MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC ENDS]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm